Task: Distributed Computing
Description: Debian Science Distributed Computing packages
 This metapackage will install Debian Science packages useful for
 various types of distributed computing, such as grid-, cloud-, cluster-
 and parallel-computing.


Depends: ipython
Why: Provides ipcluster/ipcontroller/ipengine for Python-based distributed
     computing

Depends: torque-common, torque-server

Depends: nordugrid-arc-nox

Depends: gridengine-client, gridengine-exec, gridengine-master, gridengine-qmon

Depends: globus-core

Depends: openmpi-bin, mpich2

Depends: mpichpython, python-mpi, lampython

Suggests: hpcc

 ; Added by blends-inject 0.0.7. [Please note here if modified manually]
Suggests: condor
Homepage: http://www.cs.wisc.edu/condor
Language: C++, Perl
WNPP: 233482
Responsible: NeuroDebian Team <team@neuro.debian.net>
License: Apache-2.0
Pkg-Description: workload management system
 Like other full-featured batch systems, Condor provides a job queueing
 mechanism, scheduling policy, priority scheme, resource monitoring, and
 resource management. Users submit their serial or parallel jobs to Condor,
 Condor places them into a queue. It chooses when and where to run the jobs
 based upon a policy, carefully monitors their progress, and ultimately
 informs the user upon completion.
 .
 Unlike more traditional batch queueing system, Condor can also effectively
 harness wasted CPU power from otherwise idle desktop workstations. Condor
 does not require a shared file system across machines - if no shared file
 system is available, Condor can transfer the job's data files on behalf of
 the user.
Published-Authors: Michael Litzkow, Miron Livny, and Matt Mutka
Published-In: Proceedings of the 8th International Conference of Distributed Computing Systems, pp. 104-111
Published-Title: Condor - A Hunter of Idle Workstations
Published-Year: 1988
Registration: http://www.cs.wisc.edu/condor/downloads-v2/

 ; Added by blends-inject 0.0.7. [Please note here if modified manually]
Suggests: cctools
Homepage: http://nd.edu/~ccl/software/
Language: C, Python
WNPP: 618774
Responsible: NeuroDebian Team <team@neuro.debian.net>
License: GPL-2
Pkg-Description: cooperative computing tools
 This is a collection of software that help users to share resources in a
 complex, heterogeneous, and unreliable computing environment. This includes:
 .
  Chirp - A personal filesystem and I/O protocol that allows unprivileged users
          to share space securely, efficiently, and conveniently. When combined
          with Parrot, Chirp allows users to create custom wide-area distributed
          filesystems.
  Parrot - A transparent user-level virtual filesystem that allows any ordinary
          program to be attached to a remote storage device such as an FTP
          server or a Chirp server.
  Makeflow - A workflow system for parallel and distributed computing that uses
          a language very similar to Make.
  Work Queue - A system and API for building master-worker style programs that
          scale up to thousands of processors.
  All Pairs - A computational abstraction for running very large Cartesian
          products.
  Wavefront - A computational asbtraction for running very large dynamic
          programming problems.
  The Fault Tolerant Shell - A high-level programming language that allows
          users to combine the ease of shell scripting, the power of distributed
          programming, and the precision of compiled languages. Basically,
          parallel programming and exception handling for scripts.
