Task: Economics
Description: Debian Science Economics packages
 This metapackage will install Debian Science packages useful for economics and
 econometrics. It includes user-friendly programs for simulating and estimating
 macro-economic and micro-economic models. It also provides computing
 environments which can solve a wide range of problems typically encountered in
 economic research. These environments provide functionalities similar to those
 of popular non-free systems (such as MATLAB, Mathematica, Stata or SAS).

Depends: dynare

Depends: gretl

Depends: octave

Depends: octave-econometrics

Depends: octave-statistics

Depends: octave-gsl

Depends: octave-optim

Depends: octave-linear-algebra

Depends: octave-io

Depends: octave-symbolic

Depends: octave-dataframe

Depends: qtoctave

Depends: r-base

Depends: r-cran-urca

Depends: r-cran-bayesm

Depends: r-cran-coda

Depends: r-cran-boot

Depends: r-cran-foreign

Depends: r-cran-kernsmooth

Depends: r-cran-matrix

Depends: r-cran-nlme

Depends: r-cran-hmisc

Depends: r-cran-tseries

Depends: r-cran-mfilter

Depends: r-cran-lme4

Depends: r-cran-mcmcpack

Depends: r-cran-quadprog

Depends: r-cran-fbonds

Depends: r-cran-fimport

Depends: r-cran-fnonlinear

Depends: r-cran-funitroots

Depends: r-cran-wdi

Depends: r-cran-pwt

Depends: r-cran-pwt8

Depends: r-cran-rsdmx

Depends: rkward

Depends: julia

Depends: maxima

Depends: wxmaxima

Depends: ipython

Depends: python-matplotlib

Depends: python-numpy

Depends: python-scipy

Depends: python-scitools

Depends: python-statsmodels

Depends: python-pandas

Depends: python-simpy

Depends: dolo
Homepage: https://github.com/albop/dolo
License: BSD
Pkg-Description: Economic modelling in Python
 Dolo is a tool to assist researchers in solving several types of Dynamic
 Stochastic General Equilibrium (DSGE) models, using either local of global
 approximation methods.
 .
 Users are can separate the definition of their models from the solution
 algorithm. A simple syntax is provided in YAML files to define variables and
 equations of several types. This syntax integrates the specification of
 occasionally binding constraints (a.k.a. complementarity conditions)
 .
 The user can then implement his own preferred solution method using one of the
 provided tools (various types of interpolation, solvers, ...) or use one of
 the already implemented procedures.
 .
 Dolo is written in Python and so are his solution routines. If you prefer or
 need to use another language for the solution, you can always use dolo as a
 preprocessor. In that case, dolo will just translate the model file into a
 numerical file usable by your software. Currently, Octave/MATLAB and Julia are
 supported.

Depends: python-econpy
Homepage: https://code.google.com/p/econpy/
License: MIT
Pkg-Description: collection of Python packages for economics related research
 Packages will include the following fields:
 - econometrics
 - agent-based simulation
 - utilities

Depends: recs
Homepage: http://www.recs-solver.org/
License: Expat (mostly)
Pkg-Description: MATLAB solver for DSGE models
 RECS is a MATLAB solver for dynamic, stochastic, rational expectations
 equilibrium models. RECS stands for "Rational Expectations Complementarity
 Solver". This name emphasizes that RECS has been developed specifically to
 solve models that include complementarity equations, also known as models with
 occasionally binding constraints.
 .
 RECS is designed to solve small-scale nonlinear and complementarity models,
 but not large-scale models. For solving large-scale problems, but without
 complementarity equations, see Dynare or similar toolboxes.

Depends: python-quantecon
Homepage: http://quantecon.org/
License: BSD-3-clause
Pkg-Description: community based Python library for quantitative economics

Depends: r-cran-ecdat
Homepage: http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/Ecdat/
License: GPL-2+
Pkg-Description: R data sets for econometrics
 Contains data sets that can be used to replicate a large set of published
 papers.

Depends: x13-arima-seats
Homepage: https://www.census.gov/srd/www/x13as/
License: public-domain
Pkg-Description: time series seasonal adjustment software
 Features include:
 .
 * Extensive time series modeling and model selection capabilities for linear
   regression models with ARIMA errors (regARIMA models);
 .
 * The capability to generate ARIMA model-based seasonal adjustment using a
   version of the SEATS procedure originally developed by Victor Gómez and
   Agustín Maravall at the Bank of Spain as well as nonparametric adjustments
   from the X-11 procedure;
 .
 * Diagnostics of the quality and stability of the adjustments achieved under
   the options selected;
 .
 * The ability to efficiently process many series at once.
Remark: gretl could take advantage of this package

Depends: r-other-bmr
Homepage: http://bayes.squarespace.com/bmr/
License: GPL-3
Pkg-Description: bayesian Macroeconometrics in R
 BMR (Bayesian Macroeconometrics in R) is a collection of R and C++ routines
 for estimating Bayesian Vector Autoregressive (BVAR) and Dynamic Stochastic
 General Equilibrium (DSGE) models in the R statistical environment. For the
 former, BMR includes the the well-known Minnesota and normal-inverse-Wishart
 priors, along with Mattias Villani's steady-state prior, and allows for
 estimation of BVARs with time-varying parameters.

Depends: minsky
Homepage: http://sourceforge.net/p/minsky/wiki/Home/
License: GPL-3
Pkg-Description: system dynamics program with additional features for economics
 Minsky is one of a family of ``system dynamics'' computer programs. These
 programs allow a dynamic model to be constructed, not by writing mathematical
 equations or numerous lines of computer code, but by laying out a model of a
 system in a flowchart, which can then simulate the system. These programs are
 now the main tool used by engineers to design complex products, ranging from
 small electrical components right up to passenger jets.
 .
 What does Minsky provide that other system dynamics programs don't boils down
 to one feature: The Godley Table that enables a dynamic model of financial
 flows to be derived from a table that is very similar to the accountant's
 double-entry bookkeeping table. Hence Minsky is very well suited for simulating
 Stock-Flow Consistent (SFC) models.

Depends: r-cran-vars
Homepage: http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/vars/index.html
License: GPL-2+
Pkg-Description: VAR, SVAR and SVEC Models in R
 This packages implementats vector autoregressive-, structural vector
 autoregressive- and structural vector error correction models in R. In
 addition to the three cornerstone functions VAR(), SVAR() and SVEC() for
 estimating such models, functions for diagnostic testing, estimation of a
 restricted models, prediction, causality analysis, impulse response analysis
 and forecast error variance decomposition are provided too. It is further
 possible to convert vector error correction models into their level VAR
 representation.

Depends: r-other-gecon
Homepage: http://gecon.r-forge.r-project.org/
License: BSD
Pkg-Description: solver for large scale dynamic general equilibrium models
 gEcon allows users to describe their models in terms of optimisation problems
 of agents. Given optimisation problems, constraints and identities, gEcon
 derives the first order conditions, steady state equations, and linearisation
 matrices automatically. Numerical solvers can be then employed to determine
 the steady state and approximate equilibrium laws of motion around it.

Suggests: ess

Suggests: dynare-matlab

Suggests: matlab-support

Suggests: science-typesetting

Suggests: science-viewing

Suggests: science-mathematics

Suggests: science-numericalcomputation

Suggests: science-statistics

Suggests: science-social
