Task: Engineering
Description: Debian Science Engineering packages
 This metapackage is part od the Debian Pure Blend "Debian Science"
 and installs packages related to Engineering.
 .
 Please not that there is an additional package engineering-dev
 which depends from packages which are useful to develop engineering
 related software.

Depends: qcad

Depends: sailcut
Why: CAD software for design of sails

Depends: opencascade-tools

Depends: gerris

Depends: gmsh

Depends: libmesh0.6.2-dev | libmesh-dev

Depends: tochnog

Depends: netgen

Depends: varkon

Depends: pythoncad

Depends: z88

Depends: freecad

Depends: salome

Depends: life-apps

Depends: brlcad
Homepage: http://my.brlcad.org/
WNPP: 289632
License: GPL
Responsible: none
Pkg-Description: A Combinatorial/Constructive Solid Geometry, solid modeling system
 BRL-CAD is a powerful Combinatorial/Constructive Solid Geometry (CSG)
 solid modeling system that includes an interactive geometry editor,
 ray-tracing support for rendering and geometric analysis,
 network-distributed framebuffer support, image and signal-processing
 tools, and an embedded scripting language. It has been developed over
 a 20 year period and is now a stable mature product. This is the
 first GPL'ed release of the package. It is being maintained by the
 US Army Research laboratory (ARL).

Depends: openturns

Depends: code-aster-gui

Depends: code-saturne

Depends: avl
Homepage: http://web.mit.edu/drela/Public/web/avl/
WNPP: 513608
License: GPL
Responsible: "Lo?c Fejoz" <loic@fejoz.net>
Pkg-Description: Analyser for the aerodynamic and flight-dynamic of rigid aircraft.
 AVL is a program for the aerodynamic and
 flight-dynamic analysis of rigid aircraft of arbitrary
 configuration. It employs an extended vortex lattice model for the
 lifting surfaces, together with a slender-body model for fuselages and
 nacelles. General nonlinear flight states can be specified. The flight
 dynamic analysis combines a full linearization of the aerodynamic
 model about any flight state, together with specified mass properties.

Depends: hdfview

Depends: pycgns
Homepage: http://elsa.onera.fr/CGNS/releases/
License: GPL-2
Pkg-Description: Package is a Python binding to the CGNS library
 The package contains a wrapper on top of the ADF and MLL APIs, some tools,
 demos, tests, and examples taken from the CGNS tutorial. 

Depends: syfi-bin
