Task: Machine Learning
Description: Debian Science Machine Learning packages
 This metapackage will install Debian packages which might be useful for
 scientists interested in machine learning.  Included packages range
 from knowledge-based (expert) inference systems to software
 implementing dominant nowadays statistical methods.

Depends: python-pyke, gprolog, yap
Comment: Prolog (and alike) systems for inductive reasoning

Depends: libtorch3-dev

Depends: libshogun-dev, libfann-dev, libsvm-dev, libcomplearn-dev, \
            libqsearch-dev, liblinear-dev, libocas-dev
Comment: above libraries have also variety of interfaces to high-level
 scripting languages (e.g. Python) and even possibly some interactive GUI

Depends: python-scikits-learn, python-mdp, python-mlpy
Comment: Native Python toolkits

Depends: weka

Depends: vowpal-wabbit

Depends: r-cran-mass, r-cran-bayesm, r-cran-class, r-cran-cluster, \
            r-cran-msm, r-cran-mcmcpack, r-cran-mnp, r-cran-amore
Comment: R packages

Depends: python-mvpa
Why: Framework for statistical learning analysis of large datasets.
Published-Title: PyMVPA: a unifying approach to the analysis of neuroscientific data
Published-Authors: Michael Hanke, Yaroslav O. Halchenko, Per B. Sederberg, Emanuele Olivetti, Ingo Fründ, Jochem W. Rieger, Christoph S. Herrmann, James V. Haxby, Stephen José Hanson, Stefan Pollmann
Published-In: Frontiers in Neuroinformatics, 3:3
Published-Year: 2009
Published-URL: http://www.frontiersin.org/neuroinformatics/paper/10.3389/neuro.11/003.2009/
Published-DOI: 10.3389/neuro.11.003.2009

Depends: python-scikits.statsmodels
Why: Statistical models

Depends: root-system

Depends: libroot-tmva-dev, libroot-montecarlo-vmc-dev, libroot-math-mlp-dev
X-Comment: Somebody injected the libraries from the ROOT system explicitely
 here for machine-learning - so these were included since root-system
 is packaged again

Depends: autoclass, mcl
Comment: Applications

Depends: scilab-ann

Depends: libga-dev, libevocosm-dev, pgapack, python-genetic, octave-ga, \
            python-pyevolve
Comment: Evolutionary algorithm libraries in various languages

Depends: flann
Homepage: http://www.cs.ubc.ca/~mariusm/index.php/FLANN/FLANN
Language: C++
WNPP: 581903
License: BSD
Pkg-Description: Fast Library for Approximate Nearest Neighbors
 FLANN is a library for performing fast approximate nearest neighbor searches
 in high dimensional spaces. It contains a collection of algorithms we found
 to work best for nearest neighbor search and a system for automatically
 choosing the best algorithm and optimum parameters depending on the dataset.

Depends: lua-torch5
Homepage: http://torch5.sourceforge.net
Language: C, Lua
WNPP: 490204
License: BSD
Pkg-Description: A matlab-like environment for state-of-the-art machine learning algorithms.
 Torch5 provides a Matlab-like environment for state-of-the-art machine
 learning algorithms. It is easy to use and provides a very efficient
 implementation, thanks to an easy and fast scripting language (Lua) and
 a underlying C implementation.

 ; Added by blends-inject 0.0.6. [Please note here if modified manually]
Depends: lush
Why: LUSH is a generic Lisp environment for numeric computation, but
 because ML is of primary interest of the authors, thus lush contains
 quite a few ML libraries (ANN, SVM, etc).
Published-Authors: Leon Bottou and Yann LeCun
Published-Title: The Lush manual
Published-URL: http://lush.sf.net
Published-Year: 2002

Depends: libcv-dev, python-opencv
Why: OpenCV provides a set of ML methods for pattern recognition
 within the context of computer vision

Depends: libvigraimpex-dev, python-vigra
Why: VIGRA is a computer vision library that provides customizable algorithms
 and datastructures, allowing for easy adaptation in applications.

Depends: pybrain
Homepage: http://www.pybrain.org
Language: Python
WNPP: 587069
License: BSD
Pkg-Description:  Modular Machine Learning Library
 PyBrain is a modular machine learning library for Python. Its goal is to offer
 flexible, easy-to-use yet still powerful algorithms for Machine Learning Tasks
 and a variety of predefined environments to test and compare your algorithms. 
 .
 PyBrain currently features algorithms for Supervised Learning, Unsupervised
 Learning, Reinforcment Learning and Black-box Optimization.

Depends: libshark-dev
Homepage: http://shark-project.sourceforge.net
Language: C++
WNPP: 595485
License: GPL-2+
Pkg-Description: Library for Designing and Optimizing Adaptive Systems
 SHARK is a modular C++ library for the design and optimization of adaptive
 systems. It provides methods for linear and nonlinear optimization, in
 particular evolutionary and gradient-based algorithms, kernel-based learning
 algorithms and neural networks, and various other machine learning techniques.
 SHARK serves as a toolbox to support real world applications as well as
 research in different domains of computational intelligence and machine
 learning.

Suggests: science-statistics, science-numericalcomputation

Suggests: libacovea-dev

Suggests: science-typesetting
Meta-Suggests: svn://svn.debian.org/blends/projects/science/trunk/debian-science/tasks/typesetting

 ; Added by blends-inject 0.0.7. [now official package]
Depends: python-pebl

Depends: python-orange
License: GPLv3
Homepage: http://orange.biolab.si/
Pkg-URL: http://orange.biolab.si/debian/
Responsible: Mitar <mmitar@gmail.com>
Pkg-Description: Data mining framework
 Orange is a component-based data mining software. It includes a range
 of data visualization, exploration, preprocessing and modeling
 techniques. It can be used through a nice and intuitive user interface
 or, for more advanced users, as a module for Python programming language.
