Task: Mathematics
Description: Debian Science Mathematics packages
 This metapackage will install Debian Science packages related to
 Mathematics.  You might also be interested in the field::mathematics
 debtag and, depending on your focus, in the education-mathematics
 metapackage.

Depends: axiom, ginac-tools, xmaxima, wxmaxima
Why: Symbolic computations

Depends: pari-gp, pari-extra

Depends: gap, magnus
Why: Group theory

Depends: gerris
Why: CFD

Depends: freefem
Suggests: netgen-doc
Why: FEA

Depends: netgen, gmsh
Why: FEA, mesh generator


Depends: coq, proofgeneral, proofgeneral-coq
Why: Proof assistant

Depends: science-statistics

Depends: geomview

Depends: octave | octave3.0

Depends: octaviz

Depends: freemat

Depends: mathomatic

Suggests: scilab, sivp
Why: In non-free

Depends: regina-normal, snappea
Why: Requested by Ben Burton

Depends: lp-solve
Why: Requested by Aníbal Monsalve Salazar

Depends: libmatheval1

Depends: sagemath

Depends: mumps-test

Depends: nauty

Depends: geogebra
Homepage: http://www.geogebra.org/
WNPP: 447584
License: GPL (sources) and Creative Commons (documentation)
Responsible: none
Pkg-Description: dynamic mathematics software for schools
 GeoGebra is a dynamic geometry system. You can do constructions with points,
 vectors, segments, lines, conic sections as well as functions and change
 them dynamically afterwards. On the other hand, equations and coordinates
 can be entered directly.

Depends: isabelle
Homepage: http://isabelle.in.tum.de/
WNPP: 494491
License: BSD-like and non-free documentation
Responsible: Lionel Elie Mamane <lionel@mamane.lu>, brucker@member.fsf.org
Pkg-Description: Generic theorem proving environment
 Features a choice of several ready-to-use logics (Higher Order Logic,
 Higher Order Logic augmented with Scott's Logic for Computable
 Functions, First Order Logic, Zermello-Frankel, an extensional
 version of Martin-Lof Type Theory, Barendregt's Lambda Cube, a few
 sequent calculi (including modal and linear logics), ...) or
 defining your own logic / deductive system, a procedural and a
 declarative proof style, rich automation for classical reasoning,
 equational logic and algebra, LaTeX and X-Symbols notational support.
 .
 Isabelle can also be used as a generic framework for rapid
 prototyping of deductive systems.

Depends: bliss
Homepage: http://www.tcs.hut.fi/Software/bliss/index.shtml
License: GPL2
WNPP: 528925
Responsible: David Bremner <bremner@unb.ca>
Pkg-Description: tool for computing automorphism groups and canonical labelings of graphs
 Bliss is a backtracking algorithm based on individualization and
 refinement for labeling a graph.  Data structures, subroutines, and
 pruning heuristics especially for fast handling of large and sparse
 graphs are provided. This package provides the command line tool 
 bliss; a C++ and C API is also available.
 .
 There is also a libbliss-dev which changes the last line of the long
 description.  At the moment I propose not to create a shared library
 package since upstream doesn't make one, and in the short term there
 won't be any rdepends in debian. I could be convinced otherwise of
 course.

Depends: lrslib
Homepage: http://cgm.cs.mcgill.ca/~avis/C/lrs.html
License: GPL2+
Responsible: David Bremner <bremner@unb.ca>
WNPP: 454469
Published-In: Polytopes - Combinatorics and Computation (Oberwolfach Seminars) 
Published-Title: A revised implementation of the reverse search vertex enumeration algorithm
Published-Year: 2000
Architecture: any
Pkg-Description: package to enumerate vertices and extreme rays of a convex polyhedron
 A convex polyhedron is the set of points satisfying a finite family
 of linear inequalities.  The study of the vertices and extreme rays
 of such systems is important and useful in e.g. mathematics and
 optimization.  In a dual interpretation, finding the vertices of a
 (bounded) polyhedron is equivalent to finding the convex hull
 (bounding inequalities) of an (arbitrary dimensional) set of points.
 Lrs (lexicographic reverse search) has two important features that
 can be very important for certain applications: it works in exact
 arithmetic, and it consumes memory proportional to the input, no
 matter how large the output is.
