Task: Meteorology
Description: Debian Science Meteorology packages
 This metapackage is part of the Debian Pure Blend "Debian Science"
 and installs packages related to Meteorology and Climate.

Depends: cdo
Why: Widely-used File format manipulation utility

Depends: nco
Pkg-Description: Network Climate Operators

Depends: dballe

Depends: zygrib
Why: Used as default tool for viewing GRIB files.

Depends: ncview

Depends: grads
Why: Used as default tool for viewing BUFR files.

Depends: ferret-vis
Description: Analysis and Visualisation tool for meteorologists

Depends: magics++

Depends: freefoam

Depends: visit
Homepage: http://www.llnl.gov/visit/
WNPP: 395573
Responsible: Alastair McKinstry <mckinstry@debian.org>
Pkg-Description: Interactive parallel visualization and graphical analysis tool
Why: Used for 3-D visualisation of netCDF datasets.

Suggests: paraview
Why: 3-D visualisation of climate (netCDF) files

Depends: libgrib-api-tools
Responsible: Enrico Zini <enrico@debian.org>

Depends: hdf-eos4
Pkg-Description: Extension to HDF4 to support Earth Observing System datatypes
 HDF-EOS is a software library that is an extension of National Center
 for Supercomputing Applications (NCSA) HDF. The library supports the
 construction of new data structures: Grid, Point and Swath.

Depends: hdf-eos5
Pkg-Description: Extension to HDF5 to support Earth Observing System datatypes
 HDF-EOS is a software library that is an extension of National Center
 for Supercomputing Applications (NCSA) HDF. The library supports the
 construction of new data structures: Grid, Point and Swath.

Depends: ecaccess
Pkg-Description: clients to access ECMWF facilities
 ecaccess is a suite of client tools to enable access to the computing
 and data archive facilities of the European Centre for Medium-Range
 Forecasts (ECMWF).
 .
 Strict authentication is performed in a uniform way using SecurID cards
 and standard (X509) certificates. 
 SSL is used to guarantee the integrity of the application data, 
 the transferred jobs and the monitoring information.

Depends: geonetwork
Homepage: http://geonetwork-opensource.org
Responsible: Alastair McKinstry <mckinstry@debian.org>
WNPP: 529453
License: GPL
Pkg-Description: Catalog application to manage spatially referenced resources through the web
 Network opensource is a standards based, Free and Open Source catalog
 application to manage spatially referenced resources through the web.
 It provides powerful metadata editing and search functions as well as
 an embedded interactive web map viewer. This website contains information
 related to the use of the software.

Depends: ncl
WNPP: 531982
License: BSD
Homepage:  http://www.ncl.ucar.edu/overview.shtml
Pkg-Description: NCAR Command Language and NCAR Graphics package
 The NCAR Command Language (NCL) is a free interpreted language designed
 specifically for scientific data processing and visualization. NCL has robust
 file input and output. It can read and write netCDF-3, netCDF-4 classic (as
 of version 4.3.1), HDF4, binary, and ASCII data, and read HDF-EOS2, GRIB1 and
 GRIB2 (as of version 4.3.0). The graphics are world class and highly
 customizable.

Depends: python-netcdf4

Depends: python-grib
WNPP: 669260
License: BSD
Homepage:  https://pygrib.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/docs/index.html
Responsible: Alastair McKinstry <mckinstry@debian.org>
Description: python library for reading/writing GRIB files
 Python module for reading and writing GRIB (editions 1 and 2) files.
 GRIB is the World Meterological Organization standard for
 distributing gridded data. The module is a python interface
 to the GRIB API C library from the 
 European Centre for Medium-Range Weather Forecasts (ECMWF).

Depends: python-drslib
Pkg-Description: Library for processing the CMIP5 Data Reference Syntax
 CMIP5 is the Climate Model Intercomparison Project 5.  This library supports
 the generation of paths and filenames corresponding to version 0.28 of thei
 CMIP Data Reference Syntax. It includes tools for converting from previous
 CMIP3 forms.

Depends: python-cmor
Pkg-Description: python interface to CMOR
 This is a python interface to CMOR, the Climate Model Output Rewriter.
 CMOR is a tool for rewriting netCDF files to the CMOR conventions
 for the CMIP Climate Model Intercomparison Project(s).

Depends: python-spherepack
Description: Python interface to the spherepack scientific library.
 This is a python interface to spherepack, a library for calculations on 
 spheres (geophysical).

Depends: cmip5-cmor-tables
Pkg-Description: CMIP5 tables for the Climate Model Output Rewriter library
 This package contains tables for use with CMOR that describe the variables
 and format of data needed for the CMIP5 "Coupled Model Intercomparisoni
 Project".
 .
 CMOR software uses these tables to verify that output is valid.

Suggests: gnudatalanguage, r-base
Why: Used for data manipiulation

Suggests: octave-octcdf
Why: Used for data manipiulation

Suggests: gerris

Suggests: python-openturns
Why: Uncertainty quantification in numerical simulation

Depends: aweather

Depends: libdap-bin, libdap-doc

Suggests: pydap
WNPP: 640037
License: MIT
Responsible: Sandro Tosi <morph@debian.org>
Pkg-Description: DAP (Data Access Protocol) client and server
 This is a Python implementation of the Data Access Protocol, a scientific
 protocol for data access developed by the OPeNDAP team
 (http://opendap.org). This implementation is developed from scratch, following
 the latest specification of the protocol (DAP 2.0 Draft Community Standard
 2005/04/27) and based on my experience with OPeNDAP servers on the wild.

Depends: vistrails
Why: Used by CDAT, vistrails is a workflow tool used to track changes made
 when investigating climate data.
