Task: Electrophysiology
Description: Debian Science packages for Electrophysiology
 This metapackage will install Debian packages which might be useful for
 scientists doing electrophysiology-based neuroscience research.
 .
 The selection of packages is targeting the application of analysis
 techniques. Methods developers are referred to the
 science-statistics, science-imageanalysis, science-numericalcomputation,
 med-imaging, and med-imaging-dev metapackages for a variety of additional
 software that might be useful for electrophysiology research.


Depends: openelectrophy
Homepage: http://packages.python.org/OpenElectrophy
License: Cecill v2 (GPL-compatible)
Language: Python
Responsible: NeuroDebian Team <team@neuro.debian.net>
WNPP: 556552
Published-Title: OpenElectrophy: an electrophysiological data- and analysis-sharing framework
Published-Authors: Samuel Garcia* and Nicolas Fourcaud-Trocmé
Published-In: Frontiers in Neuroinformatics, 3:14
Published-Year: 2009
Published-DOI: 10.3389/neuro.11.014.2009
Pkg-Description: data analysis framework for intra- and extra-cellular recordings
 This package provide a library und GUI for analyzing electrophysiological
 data. The data handling and storage uses a MySQL-server. The package is written
 in pure Python.


Depends: spike
Language: C++, Octave/Matlab
License: Academic Free License
Responsible: NeuroDebian Team <team@neuro.debian.net>
Homepage: http://neuroanalysis.org
Published-Title: Spike Train Analysis Toolkit: Enabling Wider Application of Information-Theoretic Techniques to Neurophysiology
Published-Authors: David H. Goldberg, Jonathan D. Victor, Esther P. Gardner, and Daniel Gardner
Published-In: Neuroinformatics, 7, 165–178
Published-Year: 2009
Published-DOI: 10.1007/s12021-009-9049-y
Pkg-Description: spike train analysis toolbox
 This toolbox implements several information-theoretic spike train analysis
 techniques. This implementation behaves like a typical MATLAB toolbox, but
 the underlying computations are coded in C and optimized for efficiency.


Depends: klustakwik
Homepage: http://klustakwik.sourceforge.net
Published-Title: Accuracy of Tetrode Spike Separation as Determined by Simultaneous Intracellular and Extracellular Measurements
Published-Authors: Kenneth D. Harris, Darrell A. Henze, Jozsef Csicsvari, Hajime Hirase, and György Buzsáki
Published-In: Journal of Neurophysiology, 84, 401-414
Published-Year: 2000
Pkg-Description: spike sorting tool
 A program for unsupervised classification of multidimensional
 continuous data. It arose from a specific need - automatic sorting of neuronal
 action potential waveforms.


Suggests: science-neuroscience-modeling
