Task: Neuroscience Datasets
Description: Debian Science packages for Neuroscience Datasets
 This metapackage will install Debian packages that provide neuroscientific
 datasets. These datasets can be useful as common data files for applications
 (e.g. stereotaxic atlases), as example data for online tutorials or teaching,
 and as input data for analysis algorithms in demonstrations or test suites.


Depends: mni-icbm152-nlin-2009
Homepage: http://www.bic.mni.mcgill.ca/ServicesAtlases/ICBM152NLin2009
License: custom, DFSG-compliant
Responsible: Michael Hanke <michael.hanke@gmail.com>
Pkg-URL: http://neuro.debian.net/pkgs/mni-icbm152-nlin-2009a.html
Pkg-Description: MNI stereotaxic space human brain template
 This is an unbiased standard magnetic resonance imaging template volume for
 the normal human population. It has been created by the Montreal Neurological
 Institute (MNI) using anatomical data from the International Consortium for
 Brain Mapping (ICBM).
 .
 The package provides a 1x1x1 mm and 0.5x0.5x0.5 mm resolution templates
 (hemissphere-symetric and asymetric non-linearily co-registered versions),
 some including T1w, T2w, PDw modalities, T2 relaxometry, and tissue probability
 maps. In addition, it contains a lobe atlas, and masks for brain, eyes and
 face.
Published-Authors: V.S. Fonov, A.C. Evans, R.C. McKinstry, C.R. Almli and D.L. Collins
Published-Title: Unbiased nonlinear average age-appropriate brain templates from birth to adulthood.
Published-In: NeuroImage, 47, Supplement 1: 102
Published-Year: 2009
Remark: This package is waiting for the Debian data package archive to become available.


Depends: mni-colin27-nifti
Homepage: http://packages.bic.mni.mcgill.ca/tgz/
License: custom, DFSG-compliant
Responsible: Michael Hanke <michael.hanke@gmail.com>
Pkg-URL: http://neuro.debian.net/pkgs/mni-colin27-nifti.html
Pkg-Description: Talairach stereotaxic space template
 This template MRI volume was created from 27 T1-weighted MRI scans of a
 single individual that have been transformed into the Talairach stereotaxic
 space. The anatomical image is complemented by a brain and a head mask.
 All images are in 1x1x1 mm resolution.
 .
 This package provides the template in NIfTI format.
Published-Authors: C.J. Holmes, R. Hoge, L. Collins, R. Woods, A.W. Toga, A.C. Evans
Published-Title: Enhancement of MR images using registration for signal averaging.
Published-In: J Comput Assist Tomogr, 22: 324-333
Published-Year: 1998
Remark: This package is waiting for the Debian data package archive to become available.


Depends: haxby2001-faceobject
Homepage: http://data.pymvpa.org/datasets/haxby2001
License: CC-BY-SA
Responsible: Michael Hanke <michael.hanke@gmail.com>
Pkg-URL: http://neuro.debian.net/pkgs/haxby2001-faceobject.html
Pkg-Description: face and object processing in ventral temporal cortex (fMRI)
 This is data from a block-design fMRI study on face and object representation
 in human ventral temporal cortex.  The full datasets consists of 6 subjects
 with 12 runs per subject. In each run, the subjects passively viewed grey scale
 images of eight object categories, grouped in 24s blocks separated by rest
 periods. Each image was shown for 500ms and was followed by a 1500ms
 inter-stimulus interval.  Full-brain fMRI data were recorded with a volume
 repetition time of 2.5s.
Published-Authors: James V. Haxby, M. I. Gobbini, M. L. Furey, A. Ishai, J. L. Schouten, P. Pietrini
Published-Title: Distributed and overlapping representations of faces and objects in ventral temporal cortex.
Published-In: Science, 293: 2425-2430
Published-Year: 2001
Published-DOI: 10.1126/science.1063736
Remark: This package is waiting for the Debian data package archive to become
 available.
