Task: Brain-computer interface
Description: Debian Science packages for the design and use of
 brain-computer interface (BCI) -- direct communication pathway
 between a brain and an external device. BCIs are often aimed
 at assisting, augmenting or repairing human cognitive or
 sensory-motor functions.
 .

 The selection of packages is targeting the complete frameworks for
 the design of BCI systems.  Often such systems rely on external
 presentation, data collection and analysis software which could be
 found in science-neuroscience-cognitive, science-dataacquisition,
 data-machine-learning metapackages.

 ; Added by blends-inject 0.0.6. [Please note here if modified manually]
Suggests: pyff
Homepage: http://bbci.de/pyff/
Language: Python
License: GPL-2+
Vcs-Browser: https://github.com/venthur/pyff
Vcs-Git: git://github.com/venthur/pyff.git
Pkg-Description: Brain Computer Interface (BCI) framework
 Pyff is a Pythonic Feedback Framework which provides a platform
 independent framework to develop BCI feedback applications in
 Python. It was designed to make the development of feedback
 applications as easy as possible.  Pyff framework moves feedback
 implementations to a general purpose, and easy to learn language like
 Python. Python provides many so called bindings to other libraries,
 which allow it to develop high quality multimedia feedback
 applications, with little effort.
 .
 The framework communicates with the rest of the BCI system via a
 standardized communication protocol using UDP and XML and is
 therefore suitable to be used with any BCI system that may be adapted
 to send its control signal via UDP in the specified format.
Published-Authors: Bastian Venthur, Simon Scholler, John Williamson, Sven Dähne, Matthias S Treder, Maria T Kramarek, Klaus-Robert Müller and Benjamin Blankertz
Published-DOI: 10.3389/fnins.2010.00179
Published-In: Frontiers in Neuroscience
Published-Title: Pyff --- A Pythonic Framework for Feedback Applications and Stimulus Presentation in Neuroscience
Published-Year: 2010
