Task: Numerical Computation
Description: Debian Science Numerical Computation packages
 This metapackage will install Debian Science packages useful for
 numerical computation. The packages provide an array oriented
 calculation and visualisation system for scientific computing and
 data analysis. These packages are similar to commercial systems such
 as Matlab and IDL.


Depends: octave
Why: numerical programming environment similar to Matlab

Depends: python-matplotlib, python-scipy, ipython, python-numpy, spyder, python-guiqwt
Why: Python based numerical programming environment similar to Matlab

Depends: pdl
Why: Perl based numerical programming environment similar to Matlab

Depends: gnudatalanguage
Why: numerical programming environment compatible with IDL

Depends: scilab, scilab-sivp, scilab-scimax, scilab-swt, scilab-ann,
 scilab-plotlib

Suggests: python-sciscipy, scilab-jims, scilab-metanet, libscirenderer-java

Depends: freemat

Depends: yorick

Depends: r-base
Why: S is the statistician's Matlab and R is to S what Octave is to Matlab.

Depends: qtoctave

Depends: lush
Why: environment for prototyping large numeric computations in Lisp

Depends: yade
Why: platform for discrete element modeling

Depends: liggghts
Why: open source discrete element method particle simulation code

Depends: esys-particle
Why: Open Source software for particle-based numerical modelling. The software implements the Discrete Element Method (DEM).

Suggests: hpcc

Depends: python-scitools

Depends: python-deap

Depends: python-lmfit | python3-lmfit

Depends: python-tables | python3-tables

Depends: vitables

Depends: octavede
Homepage: http://octavede.sourceforge.net/
Pkg-URL: http://snapshot.debian.org/package/octavede/0.3-1/
Pkg-Description: development environment for the Octave mathematical software
 OctaveDE is a development environment for the Octave mathematical
 software package. Octave normally is run in a terminal. Octavede
 provides an GTK/X11 application that provides functionality similar
 to other mathematical software packages.
Remark: Removed from Debian
 This package was removed from Debian but some versions are available
 from http://snapshot.debian.org/
 .
 Reasons are given here: http://bugs.debian.org/534362
 .
 It seems that qtoctave might be considered as replacemenet.

Depends: lammps
Why: LAMMPS is a classical molecular dynamics code, and an acronym for
 Large-scale Atomic/Molecular Massively Parallel Simulator. LAMMPS has
 potentials for soft materials (biomolecules, polymers) and solid-state
 materials (metals, semiconductors) and coarse-grained or mesoscopic systems.
 It can be used to model atoms or, more generically, as a parallel particle
 simulator at the atomic, meso, or continuum scale.

Depends: julia

Depends: admesh

Depends: metis

Depends: python-gts

Depends: python-demgengeo

Suggests: libcneartree-dev

Suggests: matlab-support

Suggests: libsundials-serial-dev, octave-sundials

Depends: coinor-symphony

Depends: coinor-clp

Suggests: libquantum-dev

Depends: metis-edf

Depends: libsuitesparse-dev, libsuitesparse-metis-dev

Depends: libdune-grid-dev

Depends: libcolpack-dev, libadolc-dev

Depends: python-csa

Depends: algotutor

Depends: iep

Depends: calculix-ccx
