Task: Physics
Description: Debian Science Physics packages
 This metapackage will install Debian Science packages related to Physics.
 You might also be interested in the debtag field::physics and, depending on
 your focus, in education-physics metapackage.

Depends: cernlib, geant321, paw++, paw
Suggests: paw-demos

Depends: clhep

Depends: geant4

Depends: abinit | mpqc | openmx | psi3
Why: Abinitio Quantum mechanics (As psi3 doesn't do DFT, maybe it should be excluded)

Depends: gerris

Depends: feynmf

Depends: fityk

Depends: horae, ifeffit, sixpack

Depends: tessa | tessa-mpi

Depends: octaviz

Depends: science-numericalcomputation
Why: numerical programming environments similar to Matlab/IDL


Depends: opencascade-draw

Depends: science-electronics

Depends: root-system

Depends: v-sim

Depends: gpiv, gpivtools

Depends: maxima
Why: Symbolic maths

Depends: python-sympy
Why: Symbolic maths

Depends: axiom
Why: Symbolic maths

Suggests: science-statistics, science-mathematics

Suggests: scilab-sivp

Depends: meshlab

Depends: cadabra

Depends: drawxtl

Depends: opticalraytracer

Depends: ghkl

Suggests: life-apps, liblife-dev
Why: Partial differential equation library, FEA, CFD

Depends: drawxtl

Depends: etsf-io

Depends: pymca

Depends: quantum-espresso

Depends: blzpack
Homepage: http://crd.lbl.gov/~osni/#Software
WNPP: 435394
License: BSD
Responsible: Ondrej Certik <ondrej@certik.cz>
Pkg-Description: library for solving large sparse eigenproblems
 BLZPACK (for Block LancZos PACKage, release 04/00) is a standard Fortran 77
 implementation of the block Lanczos algorithm intended for the solution of the
 standard eigenvalue problem Ax=µx or the generalized eigenvalue problem
 Ax=µBx, where A and B are real, sparse symmetric matrices, µ an eigenvalue and
 x an eigenvector.
 .
 The development of this eigensolver was motivated by the need to solve large,
 sparse, generalized problems from free vibration analyses in structural
 engineering. Several upgrades were performed afterwards aiming at the solution
 of eigenvalues problems from a wider range of applications.
 .
 Documentation: user's guide, technical report and comprehensive bibliography.
 .
 Install this package if you need to compile or link against BLZPACK.

Depends: gate
Homepage: http://opengatecollaboration.healthgrid.org/
WNPP: 431425
License: LGPL
Responsible: Nicolas Spalinger <nicolas.spalinger@healthgrid.org>
Pkg-Description: Geant4 Application for Emission Tomography
 GATE incorporates the Geant4 libraries in a modular, versatile, and
 scripted simulation toolkit which is adapted to the field of nuclear
 medicine both in PET (Positron Emission Tomography) and SPECT (Single
 Photon Emission Computer Tomography). It allows the accurate description
 of time-dependent phenomena such as source or detector movement and
 source decay kinetics. The ability to synchronize all time-dependent
 components allows a coherent description of the acquisition process. It
 makes it possible to perform realistic simulations of data acquisitions
 in time.

Depends: openfoam
License: GPL
Homepage: http://www.opencfd.co.uk/openfoam/
Pkg-Description: Computational fluid dynamics application
 The OpenFOAM (Open Field Operation and Manipulation) CFD Toolbox can
 simulate anything from complex fluid flows involving chemical
 reactions, turbulence and heat transfer, to solid dynamics,
 electromagnetics and the pricing of financial options.


Depends: jfreemesh
Homepage: http://dev.artenum.com/projects/JFreeMesh
License: QPL
Pkg-Description: 3D mesh library in Java
 JFreeMesh is a 3D mesh library written in Java and providing a high level API
 for mesh manipulation. JFreeMesh is based on a descending mesh data structure
 but simulate a full connectivity mesh by providing optimized method to access
 to any upper mesh element by using the global mesh methods. Therefore,
  JFreeMesh allows to load a large amount of mesh elements for a small memory
 foot print. JFreeMesh comes with a default mesh loader based on the GMSH file
 format and provides, through the JFreeMesh-VTK package, an exporter to VTK.
 .

Depends: spis
Homepage: http://dev.spis.org/projects/spine/home/spis
License: GPL
Pkg-Description: Software toolkit for spacecraft-plasma interactions modelling
 JSPIS stands for Spacecraft Plasma Interaction System. SPIS project aims at
 developing a software toolkit for spacecraft-plasma interactions modelling.


Depends: espresso++
Homepage: http://espresso.scai.fraunhofer.de/
License: Not yet known (hopefully free)
Pkg-Description: Extensible Simulation Package for Research on Soft matter
 ESPResSo is a highly versatile software package for the scientific
 simulation and analysis of coarse-grained atomistic or bead-spring
 models as they are used in soft matter research, with emphasis on
 charged systems.


Depends: cp2k
Homepage: http://cp2k.berlios.de/
License: GPL
WNPP: 518984
Pkg-Description: CP2K is a program to perform atomistic and molecular
 simulations of solid state, liquid, molecular and biological
 systems. It provides a general framework for different methods such as
 e.g. density functional theory (DFT) using a mixed Gaussian and plane
 waves approach (GPW), and classical pair and many-body potentials.


