Task: typesetting
Description: Debian Science typesetting packages
 This metapackage will install Debian Science packages related to
 typesetting.  You might also be interested in the use::typesetting
 debtag.

Depends: referencer, kbibtex, impose+, pybliographer, texlive-bibtex-extra, \
         jabref, bibutils, biber
Why: BibTeX and bibliography

Depends: feynmf, texlive, texlive-science, texlive-publishers, \
         texlive-math-extra, diploma
Why: TeX

Depends: lyx
Why: LyX

Depends: texmacs, texmacs-extra-fonts
Why: TeXmacs

Depends: auctex
Why: Emacs editing mode for latex

Depends: xfig, transfig

Depends: dia

Suggests: tellico

Suggests: texmaker

Suggests: openoffice.org-dmaths

Suggests: r-cran-xtable

Suggests: csv2latex

Depends: bibus

Depends: mlpost

Depends: latexdiff

Depends: libjlatexmath-java

Depends: cb2bib

Suggests: libgtkmathview-bin

Depends: jeuclid-mathviewer

Depends: sketch

Depends: ipe

Depends: quaneko
Homepage: http://quaneko.sourceforge.net/
WNPP: 324422
License: GPL
Responsible: LI Daobing <lidaobing@gmail.com>
Pkg-Description: An index tool of TXT, PDF, DOC, HTML and others
 Quaneko is a tool that allows you to quickly search for keywords in
 the files and directories on the local hard disk. It creates indexes
 over the words in those files. For you, this means that a typical
 search query will only take seconds.
 .
 quaneko can not only search for words in plain text files but also in
 various other file formats, depending on its configuration (e.g. Word
 doc, pdf, html, xml,...)

Depends: gpapers
Homepage: http://gpapers.org/
License: GPL
Pkg-Description: bibliography management software
 Digital library manager. Think of it as an iTunes for your PDFs.

Depends: zotero
Homepage: http://www.zotero.org/
License: BSD
Pkg-Description: reference manager software
 Zotero is an easy-to-use yet powerful research tool that helps you
 gather, organize, and analyze sources (citations, full texts, web
 pages, images, and other objects), and lets you share the results of
 your research in a variety of ways. An extension to the popular
 open-source web browser Firefox, Zotero includes the best parts of
 older reference manager software (like EndNote)—the ability to store
 author, title, and publication fields and to export that information
 as formatted references—and the best parts of modern software and web
 applications (like iTunes and del.icio.us), such as the ability to
 interact, tag, and search in advanced ways. Zotero integrates tightly
 with online resources; it can sense when users are viewing a book,
 article, or other object on the web, and—on many major research and
 library sites—find and automatically save the full reference
 information for the item in the correct fields. Since it lives in the
 web browser, it can effortlessly transmit information to, and receive
 information from, other web services and applications; since it runs
 on one’s personal computer, it can also communicate with software
 running there (such as Microsoft Word). And it can be used offline as
 well (e.g., on a plane, in an archive without WiFi).
 .
  * Automatic capture of citation information from web pages
  * Storage of PDFs, files, images, links, and whole web pages
  * Flexible notetaking with autosave
  * Fast, as-you-type search through your materials
  * Playlist-like library organization, including saved searches
    (smart collections) and tags
  * Platform for new forms of digital research that can be extended
    with other web tools and services
  * Formatted citation export (over 1100 styles and growing)
  * Integration with Microsoft Word and OpenOffice
  * Saves records and notes in several languages
  * Integration with WordPress and other blogging software
  * Remote library backup
  * Advanced search and data mining tools
  * Wide variety of import/export

Suggests: pymarc
WNPP: 585583
Homepage: http://github.com/edsu/pymarc
License: BSD
Responsible: Edward Betts <edward@debian.org>
Pkg-URL: http://edwardbetts.com/debian
Pkg-Description: read, write and modify MARC bibliographic data
 pymarc is a Python library for working with MARC21 bibliographic data
 loosely based on the MARC/Perl suite of modules (http://marcpm.sf.net).
