Task: Viewing
Description: Debian Science data visualisation packages
 This metapackage will install Debian Science packages related to data
 visualization. You might also be interested in the use::viewing
 debtag.

Depends: vistrails

Depends: pdl, gnudatalanguage
Why: IDL-like

Depends: kst
Why: displaying scientific data

Depends: ifrit

Depends: yorick

Depends: python-scientific
Why: Maybe should go in some other metapackage (mathematics?)

Depends: fityk

Depends: gnuplot, grace, gri, labplot, graphviz, pyxplot, plotdrop, qtiplot

Depends: python-guiqwt
Why: collection of widgets based on QWT5 for data visualisation.

Depends: imview

Depends: mayavi2

Depends: g3data

suggests: libgrits-dev, worldwind

Suggests: med-imaging

Depends: gwyddion

Depends: paraview

Depends: visit
Homepage: http://www.llnl.gov/visit/
WNPP: 395573
Responsible: Alastair McKinstry <mckinstry@debian.org>
Pkg-Description: Interactive parallel visualization and graphical analysis tool
Why: Used for 3-D visualisation of netCDF datasets.

Depends: gle-graphics

Depends: gmsh

Suggests: libgtkmathview-bin

Suggests: jeuclid-mathviewer

Suggests: texlive-pictures

Suggests: pgplot5
Why: non-free

Suggests: r-cran-plotrix, r-cran-colorspace, r-cran-labeling, r-cran-scales, r-cran-ggplot2

Suggests: r-cran-aplpack

Suggests: findimagedupes, libpuzzle-bin
Why: Those two packages are not necessarily needed for scientific work but a hint for
     their existence might be very reasonable.

Depends: lybniz

Depends: 3depict

Depends: mathgl

Depends: udav

Depends: python-viper

Suggests: python-matplotlib, python-scitools

Depends: matlab2tikz

Depends: cassandra
Homepage: http://dev.artenum.com/projects/cassandra
License: QPL
Pkg-Description: VTK/Java based 3D Scientific Data Viewer
 Cassandra is a open source scientific data viewer based on VTK. Cassandra
 provides a dynamic interaction with the VTK pipeline and enables to load
 plugins dynamically in order to perform specific tasks in data manipulation
 and visualisation.
 .
 Cassandra is developed by Artenum in the frame of its internal Research and
 Development program and illustrates its skills in scientific visualisation
 and VTK technology. Cassandra has already been used for many applications in
 scientific computing and space environment analysis.

Depends: pgfplots
Homepage:  http://pgfplots.sourceforge.net/
License: GPLv3
WNPP: 514751
Responsible: OHURA Makoto <ohura@debian.org>
Pkg-Description: TeX package to draw normal and/or logarithmic plots directly in TeX
 This package provides tools to generate plots and labeled axes
 easily. It draws normal plots, logplots and semi-logplots. Axis
 ticks, labels, legends (in case of multiple plots) can be added
 with key-value options. It can cycle through a set of predefined
 line/marker/color specifications. In summary, its purpose is to
 simplify the generation of high-quality function plots,
 especially for use in scientific contexts (logplots).

Suggests: circos, circos-tools

Depends: feedgnuplot

Depends: libgnuplot-iostream-dev

Depends: libqglviewer2

Suggests: libqglviewer-dev

Depends: python-gnuplot

Suggests: libcoin80-dev, libsoqt4-dev

Suggests: libvtk5-dev, libvtk5-qt4-dev, tcl-vtk, python-vtk, libvtk-java, vtk-examples

Suggests: python-pivy

Depends: ovito

Depends: scidavis

Depends: python-seaborn
Homepage: https://github.com/mwaskom/seaborn
WNPP: 742573
Responsible: NeuroDebian <team@neuro.debian.net>
Description: statistical visualization library
 Seaborn is a library for making attractive and informative
 statistical graphics in Python. It is built on top of matplotlib and
 tightly integrated with the PyData stack, including support for numpy
 and pandas data structures and statistical routines from scipy and
 statsmodels.
 .
 Some of the features that seaborn offers are
 .
  - Several built-in themes that improve on the default matplotlib
    aesthetics
  - Tools for choosing color palettes to make beautiful plots that
    reveal patterns in your data
  - Functions for visualizing univariate and bivariate distributions
    or for comparing them between subsets of data
  - Tools that fit and visualize linear regression models for different
    kinds of independent and dependent variables
  - A function to plot statistical timeseries data with flexible estimation
    and representation of uncertainty around the estimate
  - High-level abstractions for structuring grids of plots that let you
    easily build complex visualizations
